Although I've never really experience of physical combat myself, I'm very
thankful for that. I know that there are many people out there that
do, and I give them lots of credit. My role in the Navy has been
a supporting role. We go on these things called deployments where you're
on a boat like a destroyer or an aircraft carrier. You go into
the middle of the ocean and then those things provide support to the
combatants. My aircraft carrier supported aircraft that go and drop
bombs and you know shoot things. So my role was to support them. Those
days were really long, really intensive sometimes. You can wake
up at 6 AM, and then you might not have an opportunity to go to sleep
until night the next day, and there are many days like that. There
are days that you would be really tired, but you have to fight through
it, you have to fight through the sleep, you have to drink lots
of coffee, you have to really be very mature so that you don't make
mistakes on the job that can endanger somebody. So after going through
all of those those deployments, you know six months, seven month,
eight month long deployments, I come away with a couple of things.
Number one, respect for those people that do that. I think even though
right now maybe I might not go on another deployment, but I really
respect the veterans who have served, and even the combatants. Number
two, I know that for myself, I can almost be faced with anything
and be able to take it head on. I don't think that I'll be in another
situation that is that intensive in my life. There can be situations
like that, but I don't think I'll ever sweat as much, I don't think
I'll ever be as sleepy as much, I don't think I'll ever be trained
as much as I was during those times. So it made me a better person
and I put that on my college resume because it's absolutely true.